# Server-Management
This application is a server management utility, where users can store the servers on their network, and check their availability. The first part of this assignment meant designing the database, ensuring a conection and testing it. The Resource pack contains the logic for operation on the database. Model pack contains the model for the database. Repositories pack contains the interface for accessing the database. Controllers pack contains the controller which maps the operation executed on db. 

At a second commit I updated the project with more endopoints, the user now being able to do a multitude of operations for managing their server. We now had more GET methods, which could return a list of the severs, or by a specific id. The ServerResource class  contains all the logic for calling these methods. I also implemented a dummy factory pattern which would be used for further advancing the apps capabilities. For the implementation of the factory pattern, I implemented an enum which classifies the types of servers that can be created. The model package contains an entity class for the server as well as a Response class, which is used as Decorator of sorts. Every communication with the server is wrapped in the Response object, which adds some extra information to the requests. The repo is reponsible for communication with the database, the resource controlls, implementing the ServerService. Inside the server service we handle all the functions that the server can take. Here, with the create method we receive a server as a parameter, and the service assigns a IMG url and calls the repo to save the server in the database. The ping method looks with the repo for the server 
